Translated description in english (#13)
neopixl/tech-radar: radar/2023-08-31/SwiftUI.md

---
title: "SwiftUI"
ring: adopt
quadrant: iOS
tags: [language, iOS]
---

<p><b>Development language</b></p>
<em><a href="https://developer.apple.com/xcode/swiftui/">Apple Documentation</a></em>

> <p>New Apple development language. For the moment the language is starting to be stable in iOS 15 minimum.
> in iOS14 many points must be bypassed for proper functioning and links must be made with uikit. iOS 16 also brings new non-retro compatible features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>Apple's officiel development language. We consider this language to be usable and stable from iOS 15 onwards.
On iOS 14, many aspects must be bypassed or worked around for proper functioning and links must be made with UIKit. 
iOS 16 also brings new non-retro compatible features.
```
